# POC
POC of project in Marlabs

I recently work for the client called Ross Stores. Ross Store is a huge chain department store in America, There are plenty of discount goods in their offline and online stores everyday. In the beginning, their online store is based on monolithic architecture, so this project is to migrate the whole system to microservices so the whole system can be divided into several individual modules.So that  It’s easier for developers to debug, maintain and keep developing the whole system especially when the business grows. My responsibilities in this project were enhancing the user experience. In order to make our application more modernized, we wanted to shift it to microservice architecture, so when the user would be using it, he can notice the increment of speed when using the application. And we added a message system in the new architecture, so people would be notified if their behavior is successful or failed. A visualization tool is used to present sale results for merchants to modify their business marketing  strategy. So in  the above ways, the user's experience is increased from the previous application.
I developed Restful web service based on Spring Boot to create entity class, data access object,and controller. ,  . 
I mainly implement Spring Cloud with Eureka server, Zuul.
I used Spring Security based on JSON Web Token to implement authentication and authorization. For example, merchants can only update the information belongs to their own stores. They can view other merchants goods but they cannot modify them.

The use of Kafka. We have lots of discounts generated by merchants every day, we generate each id for each discount  When we are going to write these codes back to database saying MySQL. It’s relatively slow because we need to hit the database every time. So we put these query operations in Kafka to improve our performance. So if the Merchant wants to create some discounts to display on the dashboard , after he published these discounts, the system will store the discount item id in the cache which we use Redis. But the operation of put these updates should be done by Kafka. It’s synchronized operation so we don’t need to worry about the cost on DB.

I used MySQL and redis to store data from methants and customers to make sure our application can run stably when large amounts of data are processing..
I used Kafka as message broker to transmit update to our database.  And developed fallback service using Hystrix when the service is down, we have a plan B for our application..
I created a Single Page application for user’s interaction using Angular 8.
I performed CICD using Jenkins, Docker container and AWS.
During the development, I followed TDD with junit and Mockito. Also, I followed Agile Scrum methodology to achieve a development life cycle.
And finally I used visualization tool like Vega to present sales reports for merchants. 
